Add CLI pages for hpopt and fingerprint (#914)
chemprop/chemprop: docs/source/tutorial/cli/hpopt.rst

The following other common keywords may be used:
 
 * :code:`--raytune-num-samples <num_samples>` The number of conditions to sample 
 * :code:`--raytune-num-cpus <num_cpus>` The number of CPUs to use  
 * :code:`--raytune-num-gpus <num_gpus>` The number of GPUs to use  
 * :code:`--raytune-max-concurrent-trials <num_trials>` The maximum number of concurrent trials
 * :code:`--raytune-search-algorithm <algorithm>` The choice of control search algorithm (either ``random``, ``hyperopt``, or ``optuna``). If ``hyperopt`` is specified, then the arguments ``--hyperopt-n-initial-points <num_points>`` and ``--hyperopt-random-state-seed <seed>`` can be specified.

Other keywords related to hyperparameter optimization are also available (see :ref:`cmd` for a full list).

Applying Optimal Hyperparameters
---------------------------------

Once hyperparameter optimization is complete, the optimal hyperparameters can be applied during training by specifying the config path. For example:

.. code-block::

   chemprop train --data-path tests/data/regression.csv \
   --task-type regression \
   --config-path results/best_config.toml \

> Note that the hyperparameter optimization script sees all the data given to it. The intended use is to run the hyperparameter optimization script on a dataset with the eventual test set held out. 

Author: Thanks for catching this; this is a remnant of the v1 documentation, so it seems the behavior is different from v1. I will change the documentation to reflect this.

> .. If you need to optimize hyperparameters separately for several different cross validation splits, you should e.g. set up a bash script to run :code:`chemprop hpopt` separately on each split's training and validation data with test held out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
    If you need to optimize hyperparameters separately for several different cross validation splits, you should e.g. set up a bash script to run :code:`chemprop hpopt` separately on each split's training and validation data with test held out.
```

Author: I had left this commented out from v1 as I wasn't sure if this was still the recommended method, is this still correct?

Reviewer: After reviewing the code, we use only the first split to perform HPO when `--num-folds` is greater than 1 (see [here](https://github.com/chemprop/chemprop/blob/main/chemprop/cli/hpopt.py#L485-L486)). Therefore, if one wants to optimize hyperparameters across different splits, they should provide their own data splits.
@hwpang we should add a sentence in the documentation and also a message in the CLI to let people know that only the first split is used.

Author: okay, will add this as well

Searching Hyperparameter Space
--------------------------------

We include an automated hyperparameter optimization procedure through the Ray Tune package. Hyperparameter optimization can be run as follows:

.. code-block::

   chemprop hpopt --data-path <data_path> --task-type <task> --search-parameter-keywords <keywords> --hpopt-save-dir <save_dir>

For example:

.. code-block::

   chemprop hpopt --data-path tests/data/regression.csv \
   --task-type regression \
   --search-parameter-keywords depth ffn_num_layers message_hidden_dim \
   --hpopt-save-dir results 

The search parameters can be any combination of hyperparameters or a predefined set. Options include :code:`basic` (default), which consists of:

 * :code:`depth` The number of message passing steps
 * :code:`ffn_num_layers` The number of layers in the FFN model

>  * :code:`dropout` The probability (from 0 to 1) of dropout in the MPNN & FNN layers

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this is necessary

```suggestion
 * :code:`dropout` The probability (from 0.0 to 1.0) of dropout in the MPNN & FNN layers
```

 * :code:`message_hidden_dim` The hidden dimension in the message passing step 
 * :code:`ffn_hidden_dim` The hidden dimension in the FFN model

Another option is :code:`learning_rate` which includes:

 * :code:`max_lr` The maximum learning rate

>  * :code:`init_lr_ratio` Ratio of the initial learning rate to the max learning rate
>  * :code:`final_lr_ratio` Ratio of the final learning rate to the max learning rate 

Reviewer 2: In the CLI, we only expect the user to input either `init_lr` or `final_lr`

```suggestion
 * :code:`init_lr` The initial learning rate. It is searched as a ratio relative to the max learning rate
 * :code:`final_lr` The initial learning rate. It is searched as a ratio relative to the max learning rate 
```

 * :code:`warmup_epochs` Number of warmup epochs, during which the learning rate linearly increases from the initial to the maximum learning rate

Other individual search parameters include:

 * :code:`activation` The activation function used in the MPNN & FFN layers. Choices include ``relu``, ``leakyrelu``, ``prelu``, ``tanh``, ``selu``, and ``elu``
 * :code:`aggregation` Aggregation mode used during molecule-level predictor. Choices include ``mean``, ``sum``, ``norm``
 * :code:`aggregation_norm` For ``norm`` aggregation, the normalization factor by which atomic features are divided
 * :code:`batch_size` Batch size for dataloader

Specifying :code:`--search-parameter-keywords all` will search over all 13 of the above parameters.

The following other common keywords may be used:
 

>  * :code:`--raytune-num-samples <num_samples>` The number of conditions to sample 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * :code:`--raytune-num-samples <num_samples>` The number of trials to perform
```

 * :code:`--raytune-num-cpus <num_cpus>` The number of CPUs to use  
 * :code:`--raytune-num-gpus <num_gpus>` The number of GPUs to use  
 * :code:`--raytune-max-concurrent-trials <num_trials>` The maximum number of concurrent trials
 * :code:`--raytune-search-algorithm <algorithm>` The choice of control search algorithm (either ``random``, ``hyperopt``, or ``optuna``). If ``hyperopt`` is specified, then the arguments ``--hyperopt-n-initial-points <num_points>`` and ``--hyperopt-random-state-seed <seed>`` can be specified.

Other keywords related to hyperparameter optimization are also available (see :ref:`cmd` for a full list).

Splitting
----------

> By default, Chemprop will split the data into train / validation / test data splits. The splitting behavior can be modified using the same splitting arguments used in training, i.e. section :ref:`train-validation-test-splits`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, Chemprop will split the data into train / validation / test data splits. The splitting behavior can be modified using the same splitting arguments used in training, i.e., section :ref:`train-validation-test-splits`.
```

Author: Thanks, will address this in a separate commit I authored

.. note::
   This default splitting behavior is different from Chemprop v1, wherein the hyperparameter optimization was performed on the entirety of the data provided to it.

If ``--num-folds`` is greater than one, Chemprop will only use the first split to perform hyperparameter optimization. If you need to optimize hyperparameters separately for several different cross validation splits, you should e.g. set up a bash script to run :code:`chemprop hpopt` separately on each split.

Applying Optimal Hyperparameters
---------------------------------

> Once hyperparameter optimization is complete, the optimal hyperparameters can be applied during training by specifying the config path. For example:
> 
> .. code-block::
> 
>    chemprop train --data-path tests/data/regression.csv \
>    --task-type regression \
>    --config-path results/best_config.toml \

Reviewer 2: I think we don't need to add the task type here

```suggestion
Once hyperparameter optimization is complete, the optimal hyperparameters can be applied during training by specifying the config path. If an argument is both provided via the command line and the config file, the command line takes precedence. For example:

.. code-block::

   chemprop train --data-path tests/data/regression.csv \
   --config-path results/best_config.toml \
```
